Presentation: add documentation for breaking change (#541)
imodeljs/imodeljs: docs/learning/presentation/RelationshipPathSpecification.md

`relationship` | Yes | `SingleSchemaClassSpecification` | | Specification of the relationship to follow.
`direction` | Yes | `"Forward" \| "Backward"` | | Direction in which the relationship should be followed.
`targetClass` | No | `SingleSchemaClassSpecification` | Other end of relationship | Specification of the related class.

> `count` | No | `number \| "*"` | 1 | Number of times the relationship should be traversed. If "*" used the result of previous step will be included also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`count` | No | `number \| "*"` | 1 | Number of times the relationship should be traversed. `"*"` makes the step optional, so results of previous step are also included in results of this step, no matter if this step has any output of its own or not.

```
